CMSC 330 introductory TA meeting, Thursdy, August 23

  1. Get everyone to introduce themselves

  2. Describe the course briefly

  3. Find out what everyone's level of experience with the major topics of
     the course: Ruby, OCaml, formal language theory (regular expressions,
     grammars, automata), multithreading, lambda calculus, and operational
     semantics is, as well as any experience as a TA.

  4. Decide on a weekly meeting time

  5. Explain that we're using a webpage as well as ELMS/Blackboard.

     We will add you (and the students) to the course on ELMS soon.

  6. We'll be using Piazza for the course

     - You will need to read it and help answer questions

     - Important: don't give away, in a public venue, too much information
       about how to write projects.

  7. Tell the TAs to read the draft syllabus when it's ready; students will
     ask questions during the semester and if you tell them the wrong thing,
     which could cause them to lose credit on something, they'll be
     understandably unhappy.

     Find out if there's any particular way any of the TAs want their names
     spelled on it.

  8. For uniformity I list all the TAs' CS email addresses on the syllabus,
     and when I have to mail you I usually use your CS email also, so please
     either check your mail there frequently (meaning several times a day),
     or just have it forwarded to whereever you prefer to read email.

     In a larger course there's often a lot of coordination and planning
     that has to occur, and although I try to discuss things in person at
     the meeting, often things have to be discussed and decided via email,
     so please reply promptly to email from us.

  9. If students ever ask questions that you don't know the answer to (not
     something that can just be answered in Piazza):

     - don't say "I can't help you because I don't know"

     - don't make something up

     - don't say "just ask the professor or instructor"

     Instead, tell the student you will find out, contact us to ask, and get
     back to the student (maybe get their email address first).  We want you
     to know the answers to things in case the same question comes up again
     later.  Also, if it's something important we may want to let all the
     TAs know about it.

  10. Talk about the Junkfood accounts and sharing files in my directory.

  11. Explain the TerpConnect accounts.  The TAs should get TerpConnect
      accounts ASAP if they don't have them already (www.oit.umd.edu/new).

  12. Discuss the responsibilities of the different types of TAs, and the
      number of sections/hours teaching TAs will have.

  13. Figure out who's going to teach which sections (how definite is
      everyone's schedule?):

      Sections:

        0101(17449) L. Herman (FULL: Seats=28, Open=0, Waitlist=0)Books
            TuTh...... 2:00pm- 3:15pm (CSI 2117)
            F......... 9:00am- 9:50am (CSI 3120) Dis

        0102(17450) L. Herman (FULL: Seats=28, Open=0, Waitlist=0)Books
            TuTh...... 2:00pm- 3:15pm (CSI 2117)
            F.........10:00am-10:50am (CSI 3120) Dis

        0103(17451) L. Herman (FULL: Seats=28, Open=0, Waitlist=0)Books
            TuTh...... 2:00pm- 3:15pm (CSI 2117)
            F.........11:00am-11:50am (CSI 3120) Dis

        0201(17452) N. Feamster (FULL: Seats=28, Open=0, Waitlist=1)Books
            TuTh...... 3:30pm- 4:45pm (CSI 1115)
            F.........12:00pm-12:50pm (CSI 3120) Dis

        0202(17453) N. Feamster (FULL: Seats=28, Open=0, Waitlist=0)Books
            TuTh...... 3:30pm- 4:45pm (CSI 1115)
            F......... 1:00pm- 1:50pm (CSI 3120) Dis

        0203(17454) N. Feamster (FULL: Seats=28, Open=0, Waitlist=0)Books
            TuTh...... 3:30pm- 4:45pm (CSI 1115)
            F......... 2:00pm- 2:50pm (CSI 3120) Dis

        0204(17455) N. Feamster (Seats=28, Open=6, Waitlist=0)Books
            TuTh...... 3:30pm- 4:45pm (CSI 1115)
            F......... 1:00pm- 1:50pm (CSI 2120) Dis

        The sections are F 9-3, with two sections at 1.  All are in 3120
        except the second one at 1 (in 2120).

        Get two TAs to teach three sections each, one to teach one section
        and do some grading, and two to be full time graders.

        Or Tammy could teach four sections and another TA to teach three.

        Or three TAs could teach two sections each, and one of them could
        teach three, or another could teach one.

        0101 and 0102: Tommy
        0103 and 0201: Tammy
        0202 and 0203: Derek
        0204:          Varun

  14. Talk about the first week's discussion section topics, and make sure
      the newly-minted teaching TAs know what to do to prepare.

      - I give fairly detailed discussion section instructions to the TAs
        for larger courses like this with multiple TAs, so it's less work
        for them (they know basically what to do in discussion).

      - Be sure they know they don't have to make up Powerpointa slides.
        (They should specifically not use Powerpoint for discussion material
        in most cases.)

      - The discussion topics and necessary files will be in my directory-
        give the TAs the path.  Note you can't list the files in my home
        directory.

      - Be sure to prepare sufficiently in advance so you can make sure your
        answers are right.

      - It's fine with us if you want to prepare together, or check your
        results with each other.

      - Nonteaching TAs may have to cover discussion section on rare
        occasions if a teaching TA is sick/at a conference/whatever.

      - Be sure the teaching TAs (all the TAs) know where the printer and
        photocopy rooms are, and how to use them, since materials for
        discussion (mostly quizzes) will have to be printed and copied.

  15. Discuss the number of office hours this semester; the undergraduate
      chair suggests 10 hours for a TA (due to fewer TAs as a result of
      budget cuts), but we will have much fewer.

      Discuss what goes on during office hours.

      Get the TAs' office hour preferences, or discuss and give them the
      schedules to fill out later.  Everyone will have four hours of office
      hours, but fill in as many 1s as possible.  Usually we especially need
      TAs to have office hours on Tuesdays, Thursdays, and Fridays.

      (Consider each TA having fewer hours of office hours a week, but more
      on weeks when projects are due?)

  16. Explain the submit server, and show it briefly if possible to the TAs.

  17. Emphasize that the TAs should not make any travel plans for the end of
      the semester (until a couple days after finals week ends) without
      first checking with us.  You will definitely be done by a couple of
      days after finals week ends, and it could be much earlier- it's just
      too soon to say.

  18. Feel free (don't hesitate) to ask me any questions.

  19. After the meeting I can take any TAs over to CSI who need help knowing
      how to use the classroom projection equipment.

  22. Make sure the TAs know they aren't required to come to lecture.

  23. Be sure everyone knows what they're supposed to do:

      - be sure you can access my directory on junkfood

      - read the syllabus

      - learn Eclipse if necessary, and set up your CVS repository

      - teaching TAs, prepare for Monday's discussion and let me know if any
        questions

  Need to have ready for the meeting if possible:

    - draft syllabus

    - first week discussion topics

    - office hours preference sheet

    - information about the TAs

  After the meeting

    - get keycard access for the TAs if needed

First weekly meeting, Thursday, September 6

  Before the meeting mail the TAs to remind them about it; they frequently
  forget at first.

  1. If anyone missed the introductory meeting get everyone to introduce
     themselves again.

  2. Find out how the discussion sections went this week, if there were
     discussion sections already.

  3. Discuss lecture progress and what we'll be covering next week.

  4. Let the TAs know about the discussion section topics for next week.

     It's fine if you want to prepare together, or to check your results
     with each other.

  5. For new teaching TAs:

     - your class is in CSI, not in AVW

     - you may want to let the students know that you're new, and that they
       should let you know if you make any mistakes (to get them on your
       side)

     - aim at the middle of the class, encourage the students who have
       trouble following to come to office hours if needed

     - if too much material

     - follow others

  6. When we get your office hours preferences we'll make a schedule and
     mail it to you for everyone to check, then we'll start office hours,
     presumably in the early part of next week (ASAP)

     - mail form

     If you haven't given the preference sheet to me yet (Hao? Tammy?) I
     need it tomorrow.

     Talk about what to do in office hours:

     - 1112

     - put your name on the board and write "back in 5 minutes" if you have
       to leave

     - erase your name at the end

     - you will need to list your office hours electronically

  8. Check your keycard- teaching TAs should have keycard access to CSI
     1113, to the CSI classrooms, and the AVW photocopy room.  Let me know
     if not.  Also graders let me know if you can or can't log into the room
     PCs with your directory ID and password (a grader may on rare occasions
     have to cover a discussion section for a teaching TA who's sick or
     something).

     Tommy and Hao- no printer accccess

  9. Discuss the first project, if it's ready to be discussed yet.

     If not, at least let the TAs know that:

     - they'll be seeing draft assignments before they're assigned

     - their job is to read carefully and find any problems

     - don't tell students anything about upcoming assignments

  10. I will not be on campus Tuesday the 18th (a week from next Tuesday)
      due to a religious holiday.  I need someone to cover lecture
      2:00-3:15.

      Derek

  11. Questions about Ruby?

Second weekly meeting, Thursday, September 13

  1. Sorry I've been slow about getting things set up and organized, but
     they're starting to come together

     - the syllabus is posted; please read it

  2. Find out how the discussion sections went last week.

     - Since our meeting is on Thursday, email me after Fridays to let me
       know if anything special happened or came up during the discussion,
       so I can take it into account in planning the next week.

     - Your discussion examples from last time are in the directory

       /afs/glue/class/fall2012/cmsc/330/0101/public

       >>> Dr. Feamster

       As part of the first project students will set up a symlink so this
       directory is easier to get to.

  3. Quiz #1

     - the final version of the quiz is in my directory now, so you can
       photocopy it.

     - one question is how much time to give for quizzes.  Let's say 15
       minutes for this one, and if we need to give more or less for any
       later ones we'll decide that then.

     - please try to give lots and lots of comments on draft quizzes and
       other assignments

     - it's fine just to type up your answers in an email (PDF not
       necessary, but OK)

     - grab the current version immediately before using any draft materials

     - at least for this quiz I'll send you a grading key

     - grading consistency is very important- coordinate with each other via
       email, or mail me if you have questions

     - enter the grades on ELMS; you can sort the students by section to
       make it easy (alphabetize the quizzes first)

       >>> add column for quiz

  4. Discuss lecture progress and what we'll be covering next week.

     - covered r.e.'s in Ruby

     - started formal r.e.'s

     - next week is finishing formal r.e.'s, and starting automata- DFAs and
       then NFAs

  5. Talk about the discussion section topics for next week.

     - return and go over the quiz

     - r.e. and finite automata examples

     - hopefully they should be done soon.

     - explain what the teaching TAs should do if a student misses a quiz
       (give them a copy for practice); they have to see their instructor to
       get an excused absence

  6. Project #1

     - it should be posted soon

     - please read it carefully ASAP

     - Hao, I'm going to ask you to implement it so I can use your
       submission to upload to the submit server.  Your program has to be
       100% correct.  You'll learn Ruby much better by writing the
       project :).

  7. Office hours

     Since we're going to be having a project assigned soon we need to start
     office hours.  I will mail you about the schedule tonight; please read
     it and presumably we will begin on Monday

     Next time, talk about how to help students in office hours.

  9. Piazza

     - I'll be adding you all, and my students, to Piazza when the first
       project is assigned

     - it might make office hours easier

     - you're all expected to read it frequently and help answer students
       questions.  (You can do it during office hours if there aren't any
       students there.)  I don't want to have to nag you, so do it.

       - students can answer each others' questions, but are often wrong

       - we need to keep an eye out so that students aren't writing things
         they shouldn't- students can ask about language features and the
         project requirements, but not post any code, or ask how to
         implement any part of a project.

       - you may be able to cancel postings that are problematic- if not,
         let me know and I will do it

       - be cheerful and try to put a good face on things if there are any
         disgruntled students in a "public" forum

   i'l be away next week

  8. Discuss answering student questions by email with the TAs

  10. Talk to Derek about covering lecture on Tuesday

      - I'll send you slides soon, with lots of notes at the bottom

      - email Dr. Feamster immediately afterwards (and me) to say how far
        you get

      - I think I said something wrong you'll have to correct

  - discuss how to help students

>>>>> I'll be away Monday and Tuesday

  Next time:

  9. Be sure to read email frequently

  10. If you need to tell students to contact me about anything, unless it's
      an emergency tell them to please talk to me in person.

Third weekly meeting, Thursday, September 20

  >>> quiz question confusing match string

  1. Thank Derek again for covering lecture

  2. Find out how the discussion sections went last week.

     - any feedback about the quiz?  Common mistakes?
  
     - are all the quiz scores typed in?  I think that section 0201 is not.

  3. Discuss lecture progress and what we'll be covering next week.

     - started automata today (DFAs and NFAs)

     - next is transforming an r.e. to an NFA, an NFA to a DFA, and
       minimizing a DFA

     - then on to OCaml

  4. Talk about the discussion section topics for next week.

     - presumably automata problems or constructions

     - probably the next quiz (we will announce in lecture; don't announce
       tomorrow because it's a little too early to commit to it)

     - don't give out copies of the discussion topics (in any format)

     - don't give electronic copies of anything that was originally given
       out only on paper; giving out paper copies is fine

       >>> bring extra copies

  5. Draft quiz/materials

     - Like before, I'll ask for your feedback on the draft quiz

     - LOTS of feedback is needed.

     - When you have to look at draft projects/quizzes/etc., grab the
       current version in my directory right before reading it

  6. Project #1

     - it should be posted very soon

     - please read it carefully ASAP

     - Hao, I'm going to ask you to implement it so I can use your
       submission to upload to the submit server.  Your program has to be
       100% correct.  You'll learn Ruby much better by writing the
       project :).

  7. Office hours

     - did anyone come today?

     - by the way, I have six hours of office hours (three for each
       class), so don't think that you have more work than me :)

     - unless an emergency occurs, office hours can't be cancelled or moved,
       but you can switch with each other, for any reason.

     - I'll put a file in my directory with everyone's contact info so you
       can contact each other.  Please be willing to swap with someone else,
       because you may need someone to swap with you

     - Next time, talk more about how to help students in office hours.

  8. Piazza

     You're all expected to read it frequently and help answer students
     questions.  (You can do it during office hours if there aren't any
     students there.)  I don't want to have to nag you, so do it.

  9. If a student mails you and you have to ask me about how to answer them,
     don't just forward my mail to the student (otherwise they just mail me
     directly next time), and dont' say "Mr. Herman said X"; just reword
     what I say in your own words when replying to the student.

  10. Be sure to read email frequently

  11. Next Wednesday

      I will again not be on campus, and not reading my mail, next Wednesday
      (from Tuesday night till Wednesday night), in case you try to reach
      me.  I won't be missing any lecture for this course.

  >>> making scores visible

Third weekly meeting, Thursday, September 20

Fourth weekly meeting, Thursday, September 27

  1. Please keep your laptops and cell phones away during the meeting unless
     you're using it to take notes.

  2. Find out how the discussion sections went last week.

     >>> the entire string matches the r.e. Quiz #1

     - Can someone cover Tammy's discussions tomorrow if need be?

       >>>> Can Tammy cover Varun's discussion next week (mail her)?

     - I don't want to make scores visible until after coursework has been
       returned in discussion (I want to encourage students to focus on
       getting their graded cousework back and seeing what they got right
       and wrong, not just on their score, and students sometimes email
       questions about grading before coursework is even returned, if they
       see the grades, which is a big waste of time).

  3. Discuss lecture progress and what we'll be covering next week.

     - started OCaml; will probably be about two weeks

  4. Talk about the discussion section topics for tomorrow and next week.

     - tomorrow- how long should we give for the quiz?

       >>> will finish quiz

       >>> 20 minutes

     - next week:

       - return and go over the quiz

         grading key

       - some OCaml examples; probably a variety of recursive functions on
         lists (one of you should post your solutions)

       - you should have modified your path, because if so, "ocaml" runs
         "ledit ocaml", with the ledit in the public class bin directory

       - when there are common examples that I give you, can one of you post
         them in the Grace public directory after discussion just like I
         did?

       - someone should do that for next week's examples, even though you'll
         be writing the examples

       - if anyone wrote a good pirate program you can put that in the
         directory also.  I want to put these on the Grace machines, not the
         webpage, to encourage students to run them.

  5. Office hours

     - did anyone come?

     - >>>> I put a file in my directory with everyone's contact info so you
       can contact each other.  Please be willing to swap with someone else,
       because you may need someone to swap with you

     - if anything comes up and you can't make office hours or discussion
       section please email the other TAs to try to find a replacement, like
       Tammy did.  You can email me, but also email everyone else.  If you
       can't find a replacement, then let me know.

  6. Project #1

     - any questions about it?

     - Hao: status of implementation?

     - >>> extension???

  7. Project #2

     - will use Ruby data structures

     - I will ask you all to read it and give me feedback.

  8. Piazza

     EVERYONE is expected to read it frequently and help answer students
     questions.  If you don't, we can give you extra responsibilities.

  9. Exam #1 will be two weeks from today

  10. If a student mails you and you have to ask me about how to answer
      them, don't just forward my mail to the student (otherwise they just
      mail me directly next time), and dont' say "Mr. Herman said X"; just
      reword what I say in your own words when replying to the student.

Fifth weekly meeting, Thursday, October 4

  1. Find out how the discussion sections went last week.

  2. Discuss lecture progress and what we'll be covering next week.

     - right now we're up to OCaml lists and recursion

     - I have not started higher-order functions (unlike what the discussion
       topics say); Dr. Feamster probably will start them today

     - after this we go on to higher-order functions in OCaml, currying (not
       sure if you know what that is, but you will find out) and closures,
       and structured data types

     - any questions about tomorrow's topics?

  3. Talk about the discussion section topics for next week.

     - it'll be the day after the exam; attendance will unfortunately
       probably be low

     - If we get far enough in lecture on Tuesday I'll get you to code up a
       binary search tree in OCaml next Friday, then maybe turn it into a
       module (if we get that far), and maybe some recursive functions on
       strings

     - I don't want electronic copies of the quizzes floating around, but
       bring a few extra extra printed copies to upcoming discussion
       sections, in case anyone lost theirs, or missed the quiz for an
       excused reason (for example, they were ill) and wants a copy to study
       from.

  4. Project #2

     - it should be posted very soon

     - please read it carefully ASAP; if you see any issues let me know

     - Hao, you'll implement it again

  5. Office hours

     - how were they this week?

  6. Exam #1

     - practice material

     - will be next Thursday

     - Dr. Feamster will be away next week

     - we need proctors: two 2:00-3:15 and two 3:30-4:45.  We can cancel
       office hours during the exam if needed.

       2:00- Tommy Derek
       3:30- Varun Tammy

       >>> Friday at 4, cancel Derek office hours

       (Next time, talk about how to proctor, and what the TAs should be
       doing during proctoring; should have done this.)

     - everyone will take the draft exam next week- on paper, unlike a quiz,
       and bring me back their written answers

     - the exam is the 11th; the grading needs to be done by Tuesday the
       16th.  It may take a long time.  I'm going to be busy on Sunday the
       14th grading exams for my other course.  When can we do it, including
       spillover plans for a second evening if it takes too long?  (There
       will be pizza.)

  7. Piazza

     - if you reply to anonymous postings, add that the student should not
       post anonymously

     - there are a lot of postings that everyone has to read.  The number of
       postings is inflated by people posting the same questions that have
       already been asked and answered.  To make students realize that they
       are wasting everyone's time, when you answer a duplicate question
       please add something like "you need to read existing postings before
       posting new questions, to avoid duplicative postings".

     - if a students posts something really bad (test data, their algorithm,
       whatever), I think you can cancel it just like I can.  If you see it
       before me, please make a note of the student's name (save a copy of
       the posting if possible) and just cancel it.

     - the purpose of Piazza is not for the instructors, TAs, and other
       students to be like little submit servers telling students what the
       output for different inputs is.  Going forward, instead of students
       just asking "what is the result of this?" or "what should the output
       of this be?", I want to at least try to get them to type in what the
       project says and explain what is confusing to them about it, or
       explain what their reasoning is and what they think the answer is, so
       we can tell them if they're right or wrong.

  8. Talk to Tammy about not participating on Piazza (and lying to me about
     it)

Sixth weekly meeting, Thursday, October 11

  skipped due to grading *****************

Sixth weekly meeting, Thursday, October 18

  1. Thanks for everyone's hard work grading.

  2. Find out how the discussion sections went last week.

     - you didn't give anyone a quiz score of 0, did you?  (I changed them
       to 0s but I will try to change them back.)

  3. Discuss lecture progress and what we'll be covering next week.

     - right now we're up to closures and currying in OCaml

     - next week: OCaml modules and references

     - then on to the next topic- either paramters and scope, or
       context-free grammars (haven't decided yet which order to cover these
       in)

     - any questions about tomorrow's topics?  (Very sorry for being late
       with them.)

       - should I simplify the quiz?  yes

       - how much time should we give for it?

  4. Talk about the discussion section topics for next week.

     - probably some examples involving curried function, various features
       of OCaml not covered in lecture, such as reading until EOF, and
       reading a line and breaking it up into tokens, and maybe turning the
       binary search tree into a module.  Plus returning and going over the
       quiz.

  5. Project #3

     - it will just involve writing various small function in OCaml.  (The
       following project will be a larger program in OCaml.)

     - please read it carefully ASAP; if you see any issues let me know

  6. Office hours

     - how were they this week?

  7. Do I have everyone's exam scans?

  8. How everyone should handle exam regrade questions (including
     Dr. Feamster's sections)

     - we gave the exam stats in lecture

       >>> Feamster???

     - you can explain what's wrong

     - I handle all of them- even if you graded a question originally,
       do not regrade it

     - in writing, stapled to the exam

     - can be given to you or to me; shove it under my door if given to
       you

     - do not accept until after the exam solutions are posted.

     - someone's grade could drop if their answer is wrong and other
       problems are found in regrading that weren't originally identified

     - we don't tell students the exact grading key (it just leads to
       disputes)

     - I don't want to argue with students via Piazza about grading

     - number of points isn't up for discussion

  9. Bring the exam (the student who took it as a makeup) to the meeting and
     get it graded (bring the exam grading keys).  IT SHOULD BE SCANNED
     (he's in 0102, so he's Tommy's student; I'll give the exam to you when
     its done and you can return it next Friday.)

  10. Bring the pizza signup sheet and get it signed

  11. Hao- writing tests

      They should be as independent as possible (for example, 0999 was in
      two inputs)

  >>>> 2d hash of array

  should have mentioned EWGs

???Seventh weekly meeting, Thursday, October 25

  1. Find out how the discussion sections went last week.

     How did the quiz seem to turn out?

  2. Discuss lecture progress and what we'll be covering next week.

     - we started CFGs, which are going to be Tuesday's lecture also.

     - after that there's a lecture on parameters and scope

  3. Talk about the discussion section topics for tomorrow and next week.

     - any questions about tomorrow's topics?

     - next week will probably be features of OCaml that Project #4 will
       require

  4. Project #3

     - any questions?

     - please read it carefully ASAP; if you see any issues let me know

     - Hao, you'll implement it again

     (- point students (in Piazza) to where the project says something)
  
     (- tell them to read existing postings (if something's been answered
        already))

  5. Office hours

     - how were they this week?

  6. Can one of you proctor an exam a week from Monday?  (Probably anything
     except 2-3 should work.) Hao after 4, Tommy before noon, Varun 1-3,
     Derek after 4

  7. Exam grading

     - did you deduct for students writing a correct but nonminimal DFA
       (extra states)?

     - I'm concerned that there were (at least) two exams with addition
       mistakes.  There could have been more addition mistakes that favored
       the student (no one is going to complain in that case so we wouldn't
       ever know).  Please add carefully.

     - In grading, there must be a few words saying what's wrong (not just
       -2, -4, etc.).  Otherwise you're just going to have to regrade any
       exams submittd for regrading later.

     - Is there any chance that any of you have Steven Morton's exam?
       Tommy, do you remember him being there during the exam?

  7. Get the TAs who graded the Ruby question to look at Erin Kelley's exam.

Eighth weekly meeting, Thursday, October 25

  >>> PUT THE CONTACT INFO FILE IN MY DIRECTORY

  >>> make quiz scores visible (scores all in?)

Ninth weekly meeting, Thursday, November 1

Tenth weekly meeting, Thursday, November 8

  1. Find out how the discussion sections went last week.

  2. Discuss lecture progress and what we'll be covering next week.

  3. Talk about the discussion section topics for tomorrow and next week.

     - any questions about tomorrow's topics?

     - show a quick derivation in the grammar first (I want students to see
       a derivation before the quiz)

       >>> Tammy

  4. Office hours

     - how were they this week?

  5. Project #4

     - describe it briefly

  8. Exam #1

     - practice material

     - will be next Thursday

     - we need proctors: two 2:00-3:15 and two 3:30-4:45.  We can cancel
       office hours during the exam if needed.

       last time:
       2:00- Tommy Derek
       3:30- Varun Tammy

       Want to grade on Sunday (the 18th)

       12:00

       (Next time, talk about how to proctor, and what the TAs should be
       doing during proctoring; should have done this.)

     - everyone will take the draft exam next week- on paper, unlike a quiz,
       and bring me back their written answers

  7. Can one of you proctor an exam a week from Monday?

     Hao at 4:00 or 1:00-3:00

  5. Project #3 grading

     - the source code will have to be checked briefly for Chebyshev (Varun,
       two sections; Hao, the rest)

     - Hao, can you make a list of test ideas?  Probably lots of small
       2-point tests for the first three parts of the project, as
       independent as possible.  Avoid any really weird cases (division by
       zero).  Maybe one test verifying that an expected exception was
       thrown.

  9. Grade Anirudh's exam

Eleventh weekly meeting, Thursday, November 15

Thursday, November 22- no meeting; Thansgiving

Twelfth weekly meeting, Thursday, November 29

Thirteenth weekly meeting, Thursday, December 6

  review tomorrow

  scratch paper

  positive points

  final exam grading

  End of semester office hours.

  Entering chebyshev deductions, and checking if anyone asks.

  A student changed his answer on a regrade....

  Varun 12 anytime, Derek Thu anytime, Wed after 4

  course eval

Fourteenth weekly meeting, Thursday, December 13

