
*********************************************************************
DIMACS/DyDAn Workshop on Secure Internet Routing

  March 24 - 26, 2008
  DIMACS Center, CoRE Building, Rutgers University

Organizers:
  Steve Bellovin, Columbia University, smb at cs.columbia.edu
  Nick Feamster, Georgia Institute of Technology, feamster at  
cc.gatech.edu
  Vijay Ramachandran, Stevens Institute of Technology/DIMACS, vijayr  
at cs.stevens.edu

Presented under the auspices of the DIMACS Special Focus on Algorithmic
Foundations of the Internet and the Center for Dynamic Data Analysis  
(DyDAn).

     ************************************************

Designing replacement routing protocols is an important goal for
continued growth of a versatile, mature Internet. Today's protocols
have grown organically through interactions between router vendors and
their customers. This growth has focused less on correct behavior and
more on providing features that would not break existing
infrastructure.

Consider the standard Internet interdomain-routing protocol,
BGP. Formal guarantees of its behavior are lacking in several
areas. First, no security mechanism exists to provide resilience
against misconfiguration and malicious attacks. Routes are learned
through update messages, but the contents of these messages are not
authenticated in any way. Thus, an adversary could inject messages to
divert traffic for malicious means, and erroneous messages from even a
single source can have far-reaching effects. Second, BGP's convergence
time is O(n!) in the worst case, where n is the number of Internet
domains, and the protocol has significant transient errors, e.g.,
routing loops, that also increase with Internet size. Finally, BGP is
not even guaranteed to converge. Routes are computed based on a
composition of routing policies through the network; these policies
could be based on factors as diverse as the terms of business
contracts, performance issues, and security concerns in distant
networks. Policies are determined and configured locally, which is
extremely desirable for the Internet, given that component networks
are administered by different agents. However, this expressiveness
without global coordination comes at a cost: the interaction of
routing policies can lead to global anomalies, such as nondeterminism
and protocol oscillation.

Formal analysis of routing algorithms has shown inherent trade-offs
among achieving desirable protocol design goals. However, this
analysis has also yielded principles toward the design of robust
protocols and has begun to formalize important desiderata. In
addition, it has been shown that a combination of local and global
constraints, some of which are contained in assumptions underlying the
hierarchy of today's commercial Internet, can guarantee good routing
behavior. However, much work is needed before realization of a robust
infrastructure that does not overly limit the ability of honest
network operators. Doing so not only requires additional research on
the algorithms used for policy routing, but also requires accompanying
tools to secure and properly configure the routing system.

Important open questions include the following:

     * What inherent advantages and disadvantages would the use of a
       centralized routing authority have relative to current
       distributed routing algorithms?
     * Can current routing protocols be modified to limit the potential
       damage inflicted by a subverted router to traffic that has no
       alternative path on the network?
     * If we had a strong cryptographic identity infrastructure, could
       that be used to provide secure routing protocols?
     * Are there inherent trade-offs between security and local  
autonomy?

These kinds questions require a combination of theoretical analysis,
including formal methods, and experimental analysis, including
large-scale deployment in realistic settings.

This workshop will bring together networking experts and algorithms
experts in order to discuss recent progress and future directions in
this area.
********************************************************************
Participation:

Participation in the workshop is open to all interested
researchers.

********************************************************************
Registration:

The pre-registration deadline has passed, but it would still be  
helpful if you register in advance so that we can plan accordingly.

Please see website for complete registration details.

*********************************************************************
Information on participation, registration, accomodations, and travel
can be found at:

  http://dimacs.rutgers.edu/Workshops/Routing/

********************************************************************

