
To Whom it May Concern:

I am writing to apply for a tenure-track position as an assistant
professor in your department.  I am currently a Ph.D. candidate in the
Electrical Engineering and Computer Science department at the
Massachusetts Institute of Technology working with Professor Hari
Balakrishnan, and I expect to graduate in the coming year.  Professor
Ramesh Johari encouraged me to apply to the opening in your department.

My research spans many aspects of networked computer systems, including
Internet routing and measurement (including the application of economic
techniques such as game theory to network protocol design), network
security, and adaptive network protocols.  I am specifically interested
in the design and implementation of robust networked systems, network
security, and network measurement and fault diagnosis.  My work applies
both practical and theoretical techniques to design, build, and improve
real networked computer systems. My research has included the design and
implementation of several systems that network operators use in practice
today.

I have enclosed my curriculum vitae (including a list of references), my
academic transcript (which includes both undergraduate and graduate
coursework), a research statement, and a teaching statement.  For your
convenience, I have also made these materials, along with four
representative publications, available online at
http://nms.lcs.mit.edu/~feamster/application/.

Thank you very much for your consideration.  I look forward to hearing
from you.

Sincerely,
Nick Feamster

encl:
Curriculum Vitae (including names of references) 
Academic Transcript
Research Statement 
Teaching Statement 
