Dear @NAME@,

We---Aditya Akella, Nick Feamster, Sanjay Rao---are organizing the first
Joint Workshop on Internet Network Management and Research on Enterprise
Networks (INM/WREN 2010). The workshop will be held in conjunction with
the NSDI conference in San Jose, California at the end of April. We
would like to invite you to serve on the technical program committee. We
would be delighted if you accept our invitation.

This joint workshop brings together two separate but closely related
venues---INM and WREN---both of which focus on top-down network design,
bottom-up measurement and management research. This workshop aims
provide a common high visibility forum for researchers working in this
general space.

The TPC is critical for ensuring a high quality program for this
first-of-a-kind joint endeavor.  Your contribution to this mission will
be greatly appreciated, including encouraging high-quality submissions
(including submitting your own work) and providing thorough reviews.

The previous editions of INM have been held in conjunction with SIGCOMM
(2006,2007) and ICNP (2008). Here are some links to past years'
workshops:

http://www.cs.rice.edu/~eugeneng/inm08/committee.html
http://conferences.sigcomm.org/sigcomm/2007/inm/
http://research.microsoft.com/en-us/um/people/dmaltz/inm06/home.html

The one previous edition of WREN was held in conjunction with SIGCOMM
2009 (http://conferences.sigcomm.org/sigcomm/2009/workshops/wren/)

The joint workshop will encourage papers on similar topics as previous
years but expand the scope to wireless networks, data center networks,
security, system design, and middleware architectures. You can find a
tentative call for papers at:
http://www.cs.wisc.edu/~akella/combined_cfp.txt

A tentative timeline is as follows:

Paper submission: Feb 12
Acceptance: Mar 15
Camera ready: April 6

You will be expected to handle 5-7 six-page papers. We expect to hold a
TPC meeting through a teleconference, so no travel is required.

Please let us know your decision before October 12, 2009. We hope you will
accept this invitation.


Thanks,

Aditya Akella, Nick Feamster, Sanjay Rao
PC Co-Chairs, INM/WREN'10
